Add note about possible JDK8 compiler output change in 8.9 (#29570)
gradle/gradle: platforms/documentation/docs/src/docs/userguide/releases/upgrading/upgrading_version_8.adoc

Since Gradle 8.8, file-system watching has only been supported on macOS 12 (Monterey) and later.
We added a check to automatically disable file-system watching on macOS 11 (Big Sur) and earlier versions.

==== Possible change to JDK8-based compiler output when annotation processors are used

The Java compilation infrastructure has been updated to use the [Problems API](https://docs.gradle.org/8.6/userguide/implementing_gradle_plugins.html#reporting_problems).
This change will supply the Tooling API clients with structured, rich information about compilation issues.

The feature should not have any visible impact on the usual build output, with JDK8 being an exception.

> When annotation processors are used in the compiler, the output message might slightly differ from the previous ones.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When annotation processors are used in the compiler, the output message differs slightly from the previous ones.
```
